implementation process: 
1. login to your AdWords account
2. click on 'Tools & Settings' option at the top-right menu (near the account name)
3. click on 'Scripts' option (under BULK ACTIONS column)
4. click on '+Script' red button to add a new script
5. a permission window might pops-up - confirm it and continue
6. copy-paste the content of the attached file into the created script
7. set name to the created script and save

the script was added!

after you did those steps - go to your account scripts (steps 1-3) 
you will see all the account-planted scripts. 
near each, you will find 'Run' button for a single manual execution or 'create schedule'. 
use the 'create schedule' button to determine the script execution schedule.

underneath the scripts list, you will find the logs arena which contains logs about all your scripts execution

hope the implementation note is clear enough
let me know if I can assist you any further

--------------------------------------

check-out more of our great scripts for ONLY 5$ here:
https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts

--------------------------------------

1.Bulk operation menu (left pane) -> scripts -> new 
2.copy-paste the attached file content (open it with notepad)
3.confirm permissions if required (pop up)
4.create a schedule for the script

--------------------------------------

more info about the script:
the script uses the account's google drive to create and manage the sheet file by itself 
each execution will add another column with the new score 

so all you need to do is to reach your created file in google docs and see the data the script creates
https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/

the file named 'file_QualityScore'

let me know if i can assist you any further

--------------------------------------

how to implement ? 
1. open it using any notepad and just copy-paste its content into a new script.
2 new script definition:
   - "bulk operation" menu located at the left pane
   - "scripts"
   - "+ script" red button
3. at the top of the scripts there's a global variable needed to define. (your customisations).

please check it and let me know if any modifications are needed 

thanks, Roby (-:

--------------------------------------

configuration:
just add your mail at the top of the script 

working process (just for you to know):
the script creates a file in the google drive of the adwords account which it runs in.(you can change the file name)
it then collects all the active campaigns and each conversions quantity and add it to the file.
each execution it compares the new against the old conversions quantity and update the file for the next execution.

to implement the script see our video in our gigs page : 
https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts

https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts/write-a-script-to-track-your-adwords-account?funnel=201502110903137969197960 

thanks

--------------------------------------

check out more of our awesome scripts here : 
https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts 

** a unique offer for one time purchase ** 
choose 2 scripts in a price of a single one, choose any scripts you'd like!! 


thanks

--------------------------------------

hey, 
i have a lot of great scripts for you but you have to have an SEM expert for the definitions of things 
i have the dev capabilities so i can automate everything in adwords  but i am not an expert in the promote strategies 

--------------------------------------

great! 

let me know if i can assist you any further 

it was very nice working with you 

feel free to add a positive review (-: 

thanks roby

--------------------------------------

i'm a developer who writes a great automation adwords scripts but i'm not the one who makes the KWs research
you need an SEM guy for that 

if you need a script to manage those KWs (remove non-converting ones, create KWs from good search phrases etc.) 
i could and would like to assist you 

feel free to contact me anytime 

Thanks, Roby(-:

--------------------------------------

hey, 
yes, we can ........ bla bla bla

but unfortunately, we don't have such script prepared and i'll have to write it from scratch especially for you 
a custom scripts cost up to 100$ to write 

thanks

--------------------------------------

increase the keywords max cpc by 10 p automatically:

at the top of the script you will find 3 variables which you can control on:
var FPB_LABEL = 'FirstPageBidRule';
var TPB_LABEL = 'TopPageBidRule';
var IncreaseValue = 0.03;

the first two are the corrolated labels names for top and first page bids
the third is the increase value

--------------------------------------

in order to plant this script within your adwords account do as follow: 
1. open the script via notepad and copy its content 
2. login to your adwords account
3. in the left menu - Bulk operations - scripts - add new script (red button)
4. paste the content you copied in chapter 1 
note! allow permissions if required (will see a popup) 

thats it! 

afterwards, you will see it in your scripts zone so you could schedule it as needed (hourly, daily etc)

let me know if i can assist you any further 

thanks, Roby (-:


--------------------------------------

to implement the script see our video in our gigs page : 
https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts

https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts/write-a-script-to-track-your-adwords-account?funnel=201502110903137969197960 

--------------------------------------

scripts capabilities: 

- there's no problem of creating  adgroups, ads etc. based on some sheet file or even an outer feed (site xml, json etc.)
- we can also use the adwords BULK operations which allows you to upload full campaigns in an async manner 

- we can update ads content based on a website input using crawlers or based on any other requested logic 
- we can generate script which manage the position by pre-defined settings:
// e.g:
'Primary' : { bid: 0.1, position: 3, tolerance: 0.1 } // destination: position 3, increase value: 0.1 with tolerance of 0.1
'Secondary' : { bid: 0.2, position: 3, tolerance: 0.1 }
'Experiment' : { bid: 0.3, position: 3, tolerance: 0.1 } 

- we can set keywords position to always be at the 1st page
- can promote or demote keywords position and price by performance (conversions etc.)
- can set non-converting keywords as negative 
- send notification on each new conversion 
- send daily report on non converting keywords 
- monitor the landing pages (check each status - if it down - pause ad or notify via e-mail) 
- account (etc.) daily or monthly stats with charts 
- working on topics, placements and audiences
- convert converted search queries into actual keywords 
- create BLACK LIST placements by any logic (domain suffix etc. - all the .ru domains for example or all domains contains the word forex ....)
- increase cost per converted
- we can generate a forecast script for budget - to check if we are going to exceed the budget etc.
- low quality score keywords daily report 
- top 10 daily reports - spending, converting etc.
- creating ads based on search queries 
- campaign statistics by requested period (weekly, monthly etc.) or period vs period (7 days vs 30 days stats etc.)


- in addition, we can connect to any analytics account and combined data from there .. a bit more complicated and requires an OAUTH but doable  

hope you'll find those suggestions effective, there's a lot of more options of course

--------------------------------------
(R) Allways On Top [attached]

at the top of the script you'll find the following variables (set them for your needs)
1. FBBID // first page bid increment
2. TPBID // top page bid increment
3. MAXBID // includes 3 level labels (each one with the max bid allowed) 

this script basically try to set the bids automatically by increase or decrease them each execution
it looks at the bid prices and adopt your bids accordingly (2 ways - it might be a scenario where your bid is too high and you can p-ay less for the same spot)

the MAXBID variable allows you to set max bid limitation for 3 labels (so you can set priorities  such as primary, secondary etc.)

the FBBID and TPBID are the "Jumps" to make to your bid on each execution (if needed of course)

--------------------------------------
(R) Search Queries to Negative Keywords - custom search (Set) [attached]

at the top of the script you'll find the following variables (set them for your needs)
1. CLICKS, CONVERSIONS, IMPRESSIONS, CTR // metrics filter
2. DATE_RANGE // period filter 

the script make a query to fetch all the data match the metrics filter you supplied in the date range you provided
e.g: CLICKS = 100 ... DATE_RANGE = LAST_30_DAYS 

--------------------------------------
copy script to your account: 
1. open the script with any editor (notepad etc.) 
2. copy 
3. go to your MCC account -> bulk operations (left pane) -> scripts 
4. create new (+ button) 
5. paste 
6. save 

schedule your script: 
once a script established - you control its schedule via the scripts panel 
you can also perform an immediate execution 
--------------------------------------

[Generic Ads Creator]

more about the script: 

this script uses a google sheet as its data supplier and generates adwords ads based on it. 
it supports multiple sheets whereas each sheet represents an ad. 
(attached a sample of the sheet structure) 

it uses labels on campaign level to determine where to add the generated ads. 
each ad includes an adgroup, keywords and ad.

variables: 
at the top of the script you'll find a few variables to set

var DATA_SPREADSHEET = 'AdsCreatorSheet'; // the sheet name
var LABEL_NAME = 'AdsRule'; // only campaign/s labeled with this label will generate this ad
var adGroupDefaultBid = 0.1; // the default bid for the keywords 






-------------


hi mate, thanks for the payment! 

attached is the script (first version),

please check it and let me know if i missed something or you need any modification 



implementation: 

copy the content of the attached script and paste it in your adwords bulk operation section (within a new script)



tip: you can use any text editor to open and see its source code 



waiting for your reply 



note: i'm just leaving the office for a couple of hours, am available via whatsapp (phone app) 
in +972-54-561-4020 .... 
feel free to reach me there 



campaign id: 
you need to set your own id (of which the ads will be created in) 

to find your campaign id using adwords console, just go to the "all campaigns" dashboard > find the "add columns" button > add campaign id column 
(let me know if you need further assistance here and i'll remote to your machine and show you how its done) 




once you have the campaign id to replace, go to line 184 (yes, there are lots of code there [lol])  
and paste it there 
that it, execute the script and check the result 



hope you'll like it (-: 


thanks, Roby(-: 


------------
Q:can I have some more details on your service?

of course 
i write great automation scripts for adwords. the scripts can do almost ANY action  you can do manually. 
the scripts have access to lots of 3rd party services (by google and others) and we can use it to generate reports, maintain an adwords account, send mails, read feeds and do some logic based on them and more and more ... 

an example for a script can be a monitor script which checks for broken ad final url and notifies the account owner before it uses all its budget. 
another good example can be adding a NON PROFIT searches to a negative Keywords,
and there's lots more ...  

let me know if you need any further assistance 

thanks, Roby(-: 

-------------

I can do that for X usd including ..... 
but we have to do that directly cause in this price 
i can't absorb the high commission of fiverr .. 
find me at rcbuilder at walla.com

----------------


hi 
I'm not an SEM guy but a developer who creates great automation scripts (which saves you time and therefore, m-oney). 

you need to dictate to me the process you're doing manually and i will code it into a script which does it automatically for you and based on a schedule time you determine.  

for example: if you find yourself waste too much time on checking broken ads or removing non-converting keywords or any other AdWords-related action - just provide me the steps you do manually and I'll convert it to a running script and you'll never have to waste more time on this process ... 

thanks, Roby (-:

----------------


basically it's a code snippet that can do almost every manual work you do on your AdWords account. 
we can then schedule the script to run hourly, daily, etc. 
the script capabilities are vast and include actions that you can do on your account, interacting with 3rd parties services, integrating with google sheets, docs, save and read files from your google drive, send mails, generate reports and much more ... 
you have NO limitation on the number of scripts to use so you can add as many as you want and for any purpose. 


----------------


סקריפט מצורף! 

הטמעה: 
1. יש לפתוח את הסקריפט בעזרת כל עורך (לדוגמה notepad) ולהעתיק את תוכנו 
2. לגשת לחשבון ה adwords 
3. תפריט tools ואז scripts 
4. ללחוץ על כפתור ה + להוספת סקריפט חדש 
5. יש להחליף את התוכן הדיפולטי של הסקריפט שנוצר בתוכן שהועתק בסעיף 1 
6. בחלקו העליון של הסקריפט ישנם מספר פרמטרים אותם יש להגדיר 
    - EMAIL מציין את המייל אליו ישלח הדו"ח 
    - REPORT_ONLY_MODE דגל בוליאני המציין האם לבצע בפועל את עצירת המודעות או רק לשלוח דו"ח 
    - AD_GROUP_Id מציין את מזהה הקבוצה בה נמצאים המודעות 
    - PHRASES רשימת ביטויים לחיפוש (מופרדים בפסיק)
7. לתת לסקריפט שם (למעלה משמאל) וללחוץ על Save בכדי לשמור את הסקריפט
8. ברשימת הסקריפטים, יש למצוא את הסקריפט וללחוץ על options ואז Run (הרצה ראשונה)
9. יש לתת הרשאות מתאימות (יקפוץ חלון בעת נסיון ההרצה הראשון) 
10.לאחר מכן יש לתזמן את הסקריפט כרצונך (לחיצה על frequency בתפריט הסקריפטים) 


------------------


hi buddy, hope you are well

here's a short video explaining how it works and how to implement scripts:
https://www.fiverr.com/adwordsscripts/write-a-script-to-track-your-adwords-account

to recap,
adwords scripts are automation scripts to ease the maintenance of your account by doing most of the manual-recurring actions automatically so you gets a better and more accurate results and in addition, saving lots of manpower.
almost anything you can do manually - I can convert to an automatic process.
we can send mails, reports, set bids, create ads, work with drive spreadsheets, call to external services, create negative entities, excluded placements, dynamic adgroups and more and more...

few examples for simple but very-effective scripts are:
- set non-converting queries as negative keywords
- pause ads with broken final-url
- converting converting search-terms into actual keywords
- get daily report to your mail
...
...

hope it helps

----------------------

I provide automation scripts for adwords account (both MCC and Regular types)
we can schedule the script to be executed as per need and we can let it perform almost anything you can do manually and thus, save you time and m-oney


-------------------


hi there, thanks for reaching out
Unfortunately, you need an SEM expert.
I'm a developer who writes great automation scripts for any AdWords account (both regular and MCC)
I do not use the account features as a regular user but only "under the hood" so for stuff related to the account management via the dashboard - you need to find an SEM person instead.

if you'll need automation scripts (kind of a bot to maintain your account) - I'm always here for your disposal

thanks, Roby (-:

-------------------

hi buddy
i'm a developer who writes great automation scripts for google ads...
i can convert almost ANY manual action to a code snippet which can be executed on your own schedule. by using these scripts, you can fully maintain an ads account with no human intervention and by doing so - save lots of time and m-oney.

to create a new account, you need an SEM expert.
this process includes keywords definition and ads creation...
only once you have established an account, i can apply my scripts to it

hope it helps

thanks, Roby (-:

-------------------

hi there... 
i assume when you refer to the tracking script, you mean the conversion script that has been implemented within your website ... 

you should just plant it there (before the closing of the BODY tag within the HTML), nothing more...
 
regarding my services, I provide an automation script of ANY kind for ANY logic to your google ads.
basically, it's like smalls bots which each provides a specific process on your account entities (campaign, adgroup, ads, keywords, etc.)

we can use those bots for almost ANY action you do manually like checking ad URLs, creating a positive/negative KWs, creating ads automatically based on a data source (like a data feed) or custom logic, and lots more 

just find a process that is time-consuming for you and I'll convert it into a script that executes based on your schedule (minimum interval is 60 min) 

I have several prepared scripts for special prices and I can create any script from scratch for you!
you'll only be charged for the dev time we invest in creating it. 

hope it helps 

thanks, 
Roby (-: 


-------------------

[hi, I'm interrest about this, can you tell me more about this ? how is going wo work ?]

of course. 

we can convert almost ANY manual action to a code snippet which can be executed on your own schedule!  by using these scripts, you can fully maintain an ads account with no human intervention and by doing so - save lots of time and m-oney.

these script supports over 90% of the activities you can do manually, meaning we can automate almost any process. 

scripts capabilities: 
- creating  adgroups, ads etc. based on some sheet file or even an outer feed (site xml, json etc.)
- use the adwords BULK operations which allows you to upload full campaigns in an async manner 
- update ads content based on a website input using crawlers or based on any other requested logic
- generate script which manage the position by pre-defined settings
- set keywords position to always be at the 1st page
- promote or demote keywords position and price by performance (conversions etc.)
- set non-converting keywords as negative 
- send notification on each new conversion
- send daily report on non converting keywords
- monitor the landing pages (check each status - if it down - pause ad or notify via e-mail) 
- account (etc.) daily or monthly stats with charts 
- working on topics, placements and audiences
- convert converted search queries into actual keywords
- increase cost per converted
- we can generate a forecast script for budget - to check if we are going to exceed the budget etc.
- low quality score keywords daily report 
- top 10 daily reports - spending, converting etc.
- creating ads based on search queries 
- campaign statistics by requested period (weekly, monthly etc.) or period vs period (7 days vs 30 days stats etc.)

and so on.....

hope you'll find those suggestions effective, there's a lot of more options of course

always at your service 

Thanks, 
Roby (-: 

-----------------
[what offer is this? can you explain]

of course 
this service is for the Google Ads platform. automation scripts which can do almost ANY manual action 
and by doing so, save time, m-oney and manpower for every account. 

there's no limit to the number of scripts that can be added to the account and they will run parallelly. Think of it as bots to maintain your advertising campaign. 
e.g: checking keywords, monitoring site health, generating reports, integrating with sheets or other external services and APIs and much more ...

hope it helps 

thanks, Roby (-:  


